(Kim Lip and YeoJin heading to somewhere)
Kim Lip: It looks like it's going to rain
Kim Lip: This is... Hongdae, right?
YeoJin: Is this Hongdae?
YeoJin: Hongdae.. I didn't come here often
YeoJin: Because I'm from Daegu
Kim Lip: I'm from Cheongju
Kim Lip: Country girls~
(The country girls have arrived a cafe in Hongdae)
Kim Lip: This cafe is famous?
Kim Lip: Oh really? We came this famous coffee shop
Kim Lip: To buy some watermelon juice
(YeoJin has a small head)
Kim Lip: Phew~ I should go to the back seat
Kim Lip: YeoJin, come to the front!
YeoJin: Where are you, mom?
(Suddenly...)
YeoJin: I miss you
(She has just started to send her mom a video message)
YeoJin: I'm here get along with Kim Lip like this.
YeoJin: I love you mom~
Kim Lip: I love you mom
Kim Lip & YeoJin: Thank you~
Kim Lip: We bought some drinks for staffs
Kim Lip: They always work so hard for us.
Kim Lip: Look at this! It's heart-shaped straw!
YeoJin: Wow
Kim Lip: It's so beautiful!
YeoJin: So smart!
Kim Lip: Smart?
YeoJin: I'm not sure...
(Anyway, the girls successfully delivered watermelon juice)
'Wow, the straw is heart-shaped!'
Kim Lip: Yes. It's beautiful, right?
(Anyway, the girls successfully delivered watermelon juice)
YeoJin: Mission success!
YeoJin: And It's time to do Meokbang!